You still eat and you call me daddy.
Back then, you did it because of your stinky foursome,
Let me have a relationship with a woman.
Well now, something happened.
Remember me?
I have met a boy now, please help me, help me, help me, help me, help you.
That stinky Xiaohe back then,
I feel like you have become a piece of armor and you are more beautiful than me,
They release harmful stories for you and give you a sense of security.
Okay, I'll go over to protect my clothes now.
Thank you, Mom and Dad, you mean,
Great, you are finally here.
Come on, this is Lou Zhou.
The same goes for my dad, he is also a metaphorical scholar.
Hello, I am Xiaoyue's father
My name is Wanjia Qidi
That’s where thousands of families come together
You still have to have sex
You see, there is someone who is a party member.
Use Miss Home first
Give me the money for the son of Bell Rooster
What did I say?
Is there something wrong with my speech?
Bellfish's father
This is a party screw
My son went
They buy cards
Chaolu's home
He's just a car fish, right?
He has a dishwasher
Has mother seen you?
You yourself are of no use
He and my girl are wronged by you
You failed me in your expectations and you have to fuck with me
It's not a bad year for us
But don’t worry, father
You find me a suitable partner
You can't find the words
You've made so much money
Will bring him back to life